---
layout: post
title: Read list (June)
external_url: https://bhowmick-34728.medium.com/boss-lady-8-isher-judge-ahluwalia-98cbdb2ea75a
---

<strong> Fiction </strong>
- Anxious People by Fredrik Backman

Almost ~70% done. This is shaping up to be a charming comedy read, I hope to keep reading this genre. 

Update (27th June): Done with this one, so good and fluent. It's a total feel good read eg. 'The Intern' in book form with a 'Knives out' like premise thrown it. Some lines were just so quote worthy (too bad for kindle's lack of export option) but lines on relationship, experience and love.

<strong> Non-Fiction </strong>
- Ikigai  

Making some notes. Hope it's actionable. Have already written about the emotional intelligence part.

Update (27th June): Dropped this, too much for me right now. I'm sure it'd have good things writte, took atomic habits instead.

<strong> History </strong>
- Backstage by Montek Singh Ahuliwalia

Interesting read, sepcially the anectodes on UPA I, II and how leaders of late 90s and start of new millenia actually cared, far cry from current state of events.

Honorary mention: Aanchal referred this solid <a href="https://bhowmick-34728.medium.com/boss-lady-8-isher-judge-ahluwalia-98cbdb2ea75a">article</a> about the OG Boss lady - Isher, loved it.


Here's what I plan for my upcoming reads

<strong> Fiction </strong>
- Fountainhead by Ayn Rand

Yes, taking a stab. Again.

<strong> Non-Fiction </strong>
- Design of everyday things by Don Normal

What's life if not attempting to read door knob design twice a year.

- Atomic Habits

Let's go back to good schedules and even better habits!

<strong> History </strong>
- Great Game by Peter Hopkirk

Loved reading extensively about great game on wiki back in college, time to go a level deeper :)
